ALL IMAGES IN ./review-comments/images FOLDER
---------------------------------------------

1. You are not using home component. Delete that.

2. Rename user-dashboard-component to user-component.

3. Order by drop down breaks away. Fix that.

4. Remove project RegisteredUsers.Presentation.API.csproj. We wont be using that. Delete API folder.

5. Move UI project to Presentation folder and delete UI folder. 
   Also keep move program.cs and startup.cs to root and delete "Startup" folder.

6. You are still using using "padding-top: 13px" to vertically center contents of nav.
   (green area in image 1 only exists in top, not bottom. this means it is not vertically centered,
   but it looks like its vertically centered in your screen. for Full HD+, or 4K screens this 
   may not be vertically centered)
   Use flex. I have added demo html and css files. In nav-menu.component.ts, 
   change ./nav-menu.component.html to ./nav-menu.component-demo.html and 
   change ./nav-menu.component.css to ./nav-menu.component-demo.css to see how it renders.

7. Remove "margin: -15px 0px 22px 52px" in class .row.editor-numbers (Image 3). 
   Just like with nav-menu, you are trying to cut cake with axe. 
   It is possible to cut cake with axe, but that doesnt mean you should do it. 
   Like you use knife instead of axe for cutting cake, 
   we use flex-box for positioning things like this, instead of giving random numbers 
   for margins and paddings untill it looks okay. Learn css flex-box properly. 
   Redo this entire area with flex-box. In review comments 01 i have added URL 
   to flex box's documentation. Read that completely from top to bottom.
   
8. Currently you have done similar margin-padding-adjustment for user tile component. (image 4)
   It is taking 100% width of screen and is being 
   rendered incorreclty because, again, you are using axe to cut cake.
   In user-component (user-dashboard-component), use flex to divide space between 
   user tiles in right and profile-tile in left.
